---
layout: post
title: Interview3
subtitle: Toutes nos interviews 
cover-img: /assets/img/inter.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/inter.jpg
tags: [Interviews]
---

Interview of a foreign friend on Discord.

Question : I often see you online on the discord chan, do you like to do anything on your
computer ?

I do a lot of things on my computer, I like to play video games, watch videos, news, and go
on 9gag…

Question : Anything particular that you don’t always do ?

I’m currently writing a book, you probably know about it since you saw me post about it on
the channel.

Question : Yea, I’ve seen it sometimes getting updated but I didn’t read it since I don’t always
have time, what is the story about ?

It's a fantasy story about a school of students with special fantasy powers, and about their
daily lives and anything that happens. I really like this project of mine.

Question : Do you often continue it ? because recently I haven’t seen it getting updated
much.

I usually think about writing but I'm usually very busy because it’s late. I'm not as often
directly in front of my pc due to work or other stuff.
But the story doesn’t progress at all, especially with what happened last time.
Question : Can you tell me more about the thing that happened ?
user story : I remember that last time I spent time writing the book, I could write like 2 to 3
paragraphs of the story and suddenly I get a notification from a friend who wants to chat with
me and I start by answering him and continue writing, and then he invites me to play a
game. I played Overwatch 2 with him and more friends started joining us, making it even
harder to think about continuing to write so in the end I put the book on the side.
We play until very late and I get very tired. I couldn’t write more of the book because I didn’t
see the time pass while playing and I thought to myself “well It’s time to go to sleep”, since
obviously I won’t be able to write in such a state late at night. The book didn’t progress in the
end at all and kinda frustrated me.



### UPDATED interview (taken after the first week)

Do you have a similar story that happened like last time ? 

It should be fine, I actually have another story that happened quite recently. Let me try to remember it again.
Oh yea, I have been playing a new game recently. It's actually very fun. It is a survival exploration open world game. 
It's very challenging too. I have to explore the world, find different things, craft items and fight tough enemies and overcome challenges. 
But as much as I like this me, there is something that is bothering me.

What is it that is bothering you ?

Well, the game is very detailed, and it doesn’t give you much information so when I want to find out new things and find out new crafting recipes I have to go online and look up the game’s wikipedia page and while I don't mind that, it kinda gets annoying. and it ruins my immersion having to constantly go there to check things. Like, I see myself go back to the game, find new things, then try to craft something but I don’t know what to craft. So I minimize the game, go back to the wiki and find out what i can do and I do that again, and again and again, It got so bad, I got tired of this because I don’t have a second monitor, so I can’t do both at the same time; play and check the wiki so I just thought to myself “Screw it I’ll just print the wikipedia and the recipes” and not be bothered to minimize the game every 5 minutes.
