---
layout: post
title: Interview2
subtitle: Interview2
cover-img: /assets/img/inter.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/mic.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/inter.jpg
tags: [Interviews]
---

### Interview 2 (Attention en Anglais)

#### Don’t Starve:
(part about game is good but not really HCI themed)

I’m usually not someone that plays games for challenges. I find the hamlet DLC of don’t starve really difficult with the village system.

Do you have any interesting things that happened with maps in don’t starve ?

For the maps, I really like the randomness part of it because in don’t starve you know there is that kind of thing where you have to travel a whole place to get where you want but it is gets really boring in general, in don’t starve it is kinda special because there is things happening. I also have the thing of generating a map until I get one that I like, for example, I generate a map then give it to a mod that reveals the whole map and if I like it, I go away for like 30 min to forget about it before really immersing myself into the game.


#### user story (sans vraiment de question, après don’t starve) : 

When I was young, I played Need for Speed, but something it had was a catchup mechanic. If you were far behind, the cars ahead would start doing dumb moves or slow down or when you were very far ahead, the other cars would drive perfectly and take shortcuts to say so. It had an adaptive difficulty but it didn’t tell you. 
It was many years later that I was told about it and it kinda ruined all the “flavor”/fun of the game for me because in this kind of game you thought that you did something by yourself but in the end you were kind of being “manipulated” into believing so. 


Another case of adaptive difficulty also happened with my wife. She loves the “Witcher 3”, she was really a fan of the series and read the book before trying the game. However, She is not really good at using the pad and played the game in “Story” difficulty and after playing she told that the game was still too difficult at certain bosses in “Story” difficulty, and I found out that it was actually possible to stall bosses long enough for the npc working with you to kill the boss. In my case, I hate this kind of thing because it ruins the fun but for other people it can allow them to immerse themselves better into it. She also plays candy crush, and for example, when she fails a level too much, the game tries to make an easier arrangement without telling you (I hate this because you’re kind of deceived by having the impression you’ve passed the level by yourself).


#### small comment about multiplayer games 

In the multiplayer games, the User Interface is filled with tons and tons of information and too much text. I can understand the use of the massive information when playing a game of management (like factorio) for example but in games that try to be immersive you have a character and a monster with a health bar and numbers on the health bar, it kinda makes it feel like you’re playing more of a “math” game, which it doesn’t really make you immersed into the world.


#### EXTRA :

I was thinking about our conversation this morning and there is a story I wanted to tell you and might be relevant to the human computer interface aspect of your assignment.
We used to play Trine, a platform coop game with my wife and my daughter. As I told you my wife isn't very good with the controller and in this game, she would often miss easy jumps. We noticed with my daughter that when she wanted to make a big jump over a gap she would raise the controller as if she wanted to make it jump with her hands. Actually in this game, as with many other games, if you want to jump a little bit further you have to press the button a little bit longer...

